This document explains the contents of the two files.

---

## extracted_tps.json  
This file contains extracted talking points for each news article.  

### Structure:  
{`<news-article-id>`: `<talking-point-dict>`}  

- `<news-article-id>`: The unique identifier of the news article.  

- `<talking-point-dict>`: A dictionary containing details of the extracted talking points, structured as:  
  - {`<talking-point-title>`: `<talking-point-details>`}  
  - `<talking-point-details>`: A dictionary that includes:  
    - Description of the talking point  
    - Metadata such as entities involved, their roles (actor/target), etc.  

---

## data_from_framework.json  
This file contains the final output of our pipeline. It clusters the talking points (from `extracted_tps.json`) to identify "Prominent Talking Points" (`PTPs`). Each `PTP` is then used to generate corresponding `left-leaning` and `right-leaning` viewpoints.  

**Note:** Some prominent points may lack a left-leaning or right-leaning perspective. This potentially indicates that only one political side discusses those points.  

### Structure:  
{`<prominent-point-id>`: {  
  `<partisan-perspectives>`: `<pp-dict>`,  
  `<prominent-talking-point>`: `<ptp-dict>`,  
  `<full-talking-points-with-metadata>`: `<tp-dict>`  
}}  

- `<partisan-perspectives>`: Stores the left-leaning and right-leaning viewpoints generated by our framework for `<prominent-point-id>`.  

- `<prominent-talking-point>`:  
  - Contains `ptp-label`, which holds the description of the prominent talking point.  
  - Lists all talking points clustered under this PTP.  
  - Only includes talking point titles and descriptions.  
  - Provides the `<news-article-id>` from which each talking point was extracted.  

- `<full-talking-points-with-metadata>`:  
  - Contains the complete set of talking points, including metadata, that are relevant to `<prominent-point-id>`.  


**Note:** Relevant *news articles* and *event description* for each event can be found at: https://aclanthology.org/2023.findings-emnlp.274.pdf